examples/forward_model.md, before:

---
jupyter:
  jupytext:
    formats: ipynb,md
    text_representation:
      extension: .md
      format_name: markdown
      format_version: '1.3'
      jupytext_version: 1.11.0
  kernelspec:
    display_name: Julia 1.7.0-rc2
    language: julia
    name: julia-1.7
---

```julia
using QCDNUM, PartonDensity 
using Distributions, Plots, Random, Printf, NaNMath
pd = PartonDensity;
```

### Select hyperparameters

```julia
seed = 5
Random.seed!(seed);
dirichlet = Dirichlet([4., 4., 50., 0.5, 5., 5., 3., 2., 1.])
input_random_dirichlet = rand(dirichlet)

hp = NamedTuple{(:λ_u, :λ_d, :λ_g1, :λ_g2, :K_g, :λ_q, :θ)}((0.5, 0.6, -0.37, -0.7, 6., -0.5, input_random_dirichlet));
```

### Plot input PDFs

```julia
x_grid = range(0.001, stop=1, length=1000)

plot(x_grid, [pd.x_uv_x(x, hp.λ_u, hp.θ[1]) for x in x_grid], label="x uv(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_dv_x(x, hp.λ_d, hp.θ[2]) for x in x_grid], label="x dv(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_g_x(x, hp.λ_g1, hp.λ_g2, hp.K_g, hp.θ[3], hp.θ[4]) 
        for x in x_grid], label="x g(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[5]) for x in x_grid], label="x ubar(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[6]) for x in x_grid], label="x dbar(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[7]) for x in x_grid], label="x s(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[8]) for x in x_grid], label="x c(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[9]) for x in x_grid], label="x b(x)", lw=3)
plot!(xlabel="x")
ylims!(1e-8, 30)
plot!(xaxis=:log, yaxis=:log, legend=:outertopright)
```

```julia
# Sanity check that sum = 1
pd.int_xtotx(hp.λ_u, hp.λ_d, hp.λ_g1, hp.λ_g2, hp.K_g, hp.λ_q, hp.θ)
```

### Evolve using QCDNUM

```julia
# more grid parameters
iosp = 3; # spline order
n_x = 100;
n_q = 50;
```

```julia
QCDNUM.qcinit(-6, " ")
QCDNUM.setord(2); # 1 <=> LO, 2<=> NLO in pQCD
QCDNUM.setalf(0.118, 100.0); # α_S = 0.118, μ_R^2 = 100.0

# x grid
xmin = Float64.([1.e-3, 0.2e0, 0.4e0, 0.6e0, 0.75e0]);
iwt = Int32.([1, 2, 4, 8, 16]);
ngx = 5
QCDNUM.gxmake(xmin, iwt, 1, n_x, iosp);

# mu2 grid
qarr = Float64.([1.e2, 3.e4]);
warr = Float64.([1., 1.]);
ngq = 2;
QCDNUM.gqmake(qarr, warr, ngq, n_q);

# copy locally
qcdnum_x_grid = QCDNUM.gxcopy(n_x);
qcdnum_qq_grid = QCDNUM.gqcopy(n_q);

QCDNUM.setcbt(5, 1, 1, 1); # 5 flavours in FFNS
iq0 = QCDNUM.iqfrmq(100.0); # Get index of μ_F^2 = 100.0 = μ_R^2

itype = 1 # Unpolarised
nw = QCDNUM.fillwt(itype)
nw = QCDNUM.zmfillw()

@printf("Generated grid with size nx = %i, nq = %i.\n", nx, nq)
@printf("Filled weight tables.\n")
```

Pass input PDF function
* See https://www.nikhef.nl/~h24/qcdnum-files/doc/qcdnum170115.pdf under `evolfg`

```julia code_folding=[]
function _input_pdfs(i, x)::Float64
    i = i[]
    x = x[]
    
    f = 0.0
    
    # gluon
    if (i == 0)
        f = pd.x_g_x(x, hp.λ_g1, hp.λ_g2, hp.K_g, hp.θ[3], hp.θ[4]) 
    end
  
    # u valence
    if (i == 1)
        f = pd.x_uv_x(x, hp.λ_u, hp.θ[1])
    end
    
    # d valence
    if (i == 2)
        f = pd.x_dv_x(x, hp.λ_d, hp.θ[2])
    end
    
    # ubar
    if (i == 3)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[5])
    end
    
    # dbar
    if (i == 4)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[6])
    end
    
    # s and sbar
    if (i == 5) || (i == 6)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[7])
    end
    
    # c and cbar
    if (i == 7) || (i == 8)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[8])
    end
    
    # d and dbar
    if (i == 9) || (i == 10)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[9])
    end
    
    return f
end

input_pdfs = @cfunction(_input_pdfs, Float64, (Ref{Int32}, Ref{Float64}))
```

This acts as a mapping between your input function and quark species.

```julia
#               tb  bb  cb  sb  ub  db  g   d   u   s   c   b   t
map = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 1 # U valence
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 2 # D valence
                0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 3 # u sea
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 4 # d sea
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., # 5 # s
                0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 6 # sbar
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., # 7 # c
                0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 8 # cbar
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., # 9 # b
                0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 10 # bbar
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 11
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]); # 12
```

```julia
eps = QCDNUM.evolfg(1, input_pdfs, map, iq0)
```

```julia
# For splines
             # tb  bb  cb  sb  ub  db   g   d   u   s   c   b   t
             # -6  -5  -4  -3  -2  -1   0   1   2   3   4   5   6
dnv = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
upv = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
del = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
uds = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 2., 2., 2., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
pro = Float64.([4., 1., 4., 1., 4., 1., 0., 1., 4., 1., 4., 1., 4.]) / 9;
duv = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1.,-1., 0., 1., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
val = Float64.([-1.,-1.,-1.,-1.,-1.,-1., 0., 1., 1., 1., 1., 1., 1.]);

proup = Float64.([0., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0.]);
prodn = Float64.([0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0.]);
valup = Float64.([0.,0.,-1.,0.,-1.,0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0.]);
valdn = Float64.([0.,-1.,0.,-1.,0.,-1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0.]);

```

```julia
nuser = 10
QCDNUM.ssp_spinit(nuser);
istx = 5;
istq = 10;
ia = QCDNUM.isp_s2make(istx, istq);

xnd = QCDNUM.ssp_unodes(ia, 100, 0);
qnd = QCDNUM.ssp_vnodes(ia, 100, 0);
QCDNUM.ssp_nprint(ia);
QCDNUM.ssp_erase(ia);
```

```julia
# set nodes and fill spline with structure function
iaFLup = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaFLup, 1, proup, 1, 0.0);

iaF2up = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF2up, 1, proup, 2, 0.0);

iaF3up = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF3up, 1, valup, 3, 0.0);
    
iaFLdn = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaFLdn, 1, prodn, 1, 0.0);

iaF2dn = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF2dn, 1, prodn, 2, 0.0);

iaF3dn = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF3dn, 1, valdn, 3, 0.0);

# store spline addresses
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(1, Float64(iaF2up));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(2, Float64(iaF2dn));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(3, Float64(iaF3up));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(4, Float64(iaF3dn));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(5, Float64(iaFLup));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(6, Float64(iaFLdn));
```

```julia
function _my_fun_xsec_i(ipx, ipq, first)::Float64
    
    ix = ipx[]
    iq = ipq[]
    
    xsec = _fun_xsec_i(ix, iq)
    
    return xsec
end

my_fun_xsec_i = @cfunction(_my_fun_xsec_i, Float64, (Ref{Int32}, Ref{Int32}, Ref{UInt8}))
```

```julia
# plot
xsec_on_grid = zeros(n_x, n_q);

for ix = 1:n_x
    for iq = 1:n_q
        xsec_on_grid[ix, iq] = _fun_xsec_i(ix, iq)
    end
end

p1 = heatmap(qcdnum_x_grid, qcdnum_qq_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, :]'))
plot(p1, xlabel="x", ylabel="q2", 
    xaxis=:log, yaxis=:log)
```

```julia
plot(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 4]), 
    label="Q2=141 (input scale)", lw=3)
plot!(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 22]), label="Q2=1152", lw=3)
plot!(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 35]), label="Q2=5233", lw=3)
plot!(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 41]), label="Q2=10523", lw=3)
plot!(xaxis=:log, legend=:bottomleft, xlabel="x", 
    ylabel="log10(cross section spline input)", ylims=(-7, 5))
```

```julia
istx_2 = 1;
istq_2 = 2;
rscut = 370.0;
rs = 318.0;

set_lepcharge(1)
iaF_7 = QCDNUM.isp_s2make(istx_2, istq_2);
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(7, Float64(iaF_7));
QCDNUM.ssp_s2fill(iaF_7, my_fun_xsec_i, rscut);

set_lepcharge(-1)
iaF_8 = QCDNUM.isp_s2make(istx_2, istq_2);
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(8, Float64(iaF_8));
QCDNUM.ssp_s2fill(iaF_8, my_fun_xsec_i, rscut);
```

```julia
# plot spline
spline = zeros(n_x, n_q);

for ix = 1:n_x
    for iq = 1:n_q
        spline[ix, iq] = QCDNUM.dsp_funs2(iaF_7, qcdnum_x_grid[ix], 
            qcdnum_qq_grid[iq], 1)
    end
end

p1 = heatmap(qcdnum_x_grid, qcdnum_qq_grid, NaNMath.log10.(spline[:, :]'))
plot(p1, xlabel="x", ylabel="q2", 
    xaxis=:log, yaxis=:log)
```

```julia
nbins = size(xbins_M_begin)[1]
IntXsec_eP = zeros(nbins);
IntXsec_eM = zeros(nbins);
for i in 1:nbins
    IntXsec_eP[i] = QCDNUM.dsp_ints2(iaF_7, xbins_M_begin[i], xbins_M_end[i], 
        q2bins_M_begin[i], q2bins_M_end[i], 318., 4);
    IntXsec_eM[i] = QCDNUM.dsp_ints2(iaF_8, xbins_M_begin[i], xbins_M_end[i], 
        q2bins_M_begin[i],q2bins_M_end[i], 318., 4);
end 
```

```julia
# 1 for e-p and 0 for e+p
ePp = 0;
eMp = 1; 
     
TM_eP = get_TM_elements(ePp);
TM_eM = get_TM_elements(eMp);     

K_eP = get_K_elements(ePp);
K_eM = get_K_elements(eMp);

nbins_out = size(TM_eP)[2];
```

```julia
xsec_pred_eP = zeros(nbins_out);
xsec_pred_eM = zeros(nbins_out);

for j in 1:nbins_out
    
    for i in 1:nbins
    
        xsec_pred_eP[j] += TM_eP[i, j] * (1.0/K_eP[i]) * IntXsec_eP[i];
        xsec_pred_eM[j] += TM_eM[i, j] * (1.0/K_eM[i]) * IntXsec_eM[i];
    
    end
    
end
```

```julia
xsec_pred_eM
```

```julia

```

Commit message:

Add working forward model notebook and docs

examples/forward_model.md, after:

---
jupyter:
  jupytext:
    formats: ipynb,md
    text_representation:
      extension: .md
      format_name: markdown
      format_version: '1.3'
      jupytext_version: 1.11.0
  kernelspec:
    display_name: Julia 1.7.0-rc2
    language: julia
    name: julia-1.7
---

# Forward model

Here, we go through an example of simulating the full forward model, from the prior definition to the expected number of events in different bins of the detector response.

```julia
using QCDNUM, PartonDensity 
using Distributions, Plots, Random, Printf, NaNMath
pd = PartonDensity;
```

##  Define input PDFs

```julia
seed = 5
Random.seed!(seed);
dirichlet = Dirichlet([4., 4., 50., 0.5, 5., 5., 3., 2., 1.])
input_random_dirichlet = rand(dirichlet)

hp = NamedTuple{(:λ_u, :λ_d, :λ_g1, :λ_g2, :K_g, :λ_q, :θ)}((0.5, 0.6, -0.37, -0.7, 6., -0.5, input_random_dirichlet));
```

Plot the input PDFs

```julia
x_grid = range(0.001, stop=1, length=1000)

plot(x_grid, [pd.x_uv_x(x, hp.λ_u, hp.θ[1]) for x in x_grid], label="x uv(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_dv_x(x, hp.λ_d, hp.θ[2]) for x in x_grid], label="x dv(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_g_x(x, hp.λ_g1, hp.λ_g2, hp.K_g, hp.θ[3], hp.θ[4]) 
        for x in x_grid], label="x g(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[5]) for x in x_grid], label="x ubar(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[6]) for x in x_grid], label="x dbar(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[7]) for x in x_grid], label="x s(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[8]) for x in x_grid], label="x c(x)", lw=3)
plot!(x_grid, [pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[9]) for x in x_grid], label="x b(x)", lw=3)
plot!(xlabel="x")
ylims!(1e-8, 30)
plot!(xaxis=:log, yaxis=:log, legend=:outertopright)
```

```julia
# Sanity check that sum = 1
pd.int_xtotx(hp.λ_u, hp.λ_d, hp.λ_g1, hp.λ_g2, hp.K_g, hp.λ_q, hp.θ) ≈ 1
```

## Define QCDNUM grids, weights and settings

```julia
QCDNUM.qcinit(-6, " ")
QCDNUM.setord(2); # 1 <=> LO, 2<=> NLO in pQCD
QCDNUM.setalf(0.118, 100.0); # α_S = 0.118, μ_R^2 = 100.0

# grid params
iosp = 3; # spline order
n_x = 100;
n_q = 50;

# x grid
xmin = Float64.([1.e-3, 0.2e0, 0.4e0, 0.6e0, 0.75e0]);
iwt = Int32.([1, 2, 4, 8, 16]);
ngx = 5
QCDNUM.gxmake(xmin, iwt, 1, n_x, iosp);

# mu2 grid
qarr = Float64.([1.e2, 3.e4]);
warr = Float64.([1., 1.]);
ngq = 2;
QCDNUM.gqmake(qarr, warr, ngq, n_q);

# copy locally
qcdnum_x_grid = QCDNUM.gxcopy(n_x);
qcdnum_qq_grid = QCDNUM.gqcopy(n_q);

QCDNUM.setcbt(5, 1, 1, 1); # 5 flavours in FFNS
iq0 = QCDNUM.iqfrmq(100.0); # Get index of μ_F^2 = 100.0 = μ_R^2

itype = 1 # Unpolarised
nw = QCDNUM.fillwt(itype)
nw = QCDNUM.zmfillw()

@printf("Generated grid with size nx = %i, nq = %i.\n", n_x, n_q)
@printf("Filled weight tables.\n")
```

## Evolve the PDFs using QCDNUM


Define input PDF function
* See https://www.nikhef.nl/~h24/qcdnum-files/doc/qcdnum170115.pdf under `evolfg`

```julia code_folding=[0]
function _input_pdfs(i, x)::Float64
    i = i[]
    x = x[]
    
    f = 0.0
    
    # gluon
    if (i == 0)
        f = pd.x_g_x(x, hp.λ_g1, hp.λ_g2, hp.K_g, hp.θ[3], hp.θ[4]) 
    end
  
    # u valence
    if (i == 1)
        f = pd.x_uv_x(x, hp.λ_u, hp.θ[1])
    end
    
    # d valence
    if (i == 2)
        f = pd.x_dv_x(x, hp.λ_d, hp.θ[2])
    end
    
    # ubar
    if (i == 3)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[5])
    end
    
    # dbar
    if (i == 4)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[6])
    end
    
    # s and sbar
    if (i == 5) || (i == 6)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[7])
    end
    
    # c and cbar
    if (i == 7) || (i == 8)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[8])
    end
    
    # d and dbar
    if (i == 9) || (i == 10)
        f = pd.x_q_x(x, hp.λ_q, hp.θ[9])
    end
    
    return f
end

input_pdfs = @cfunction(_input_pdfs, Float64, (Ref{Int32}, Ref{Float64}))
```

Define mapping between your input function and quark species.

```julia
#               tb  bb  cb  sb  ub  db  g   d   u   s   c   b   t
map = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 1 # U valence
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 2 # D valence
                0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 3 # u sea
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 4 # d sea
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., # 5 # s
                0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 6 # sbar
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., # 7 # c
                0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 8 # cbar
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., # 9 # b
                0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 10 # bbar
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., # 11
                0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]); # 12
```

```julia
eps = QCDNUM.evolfg(1, input_pdfs, map, iq0)
```

## Define necessary splines for cross section calculation

```julia
# For splines
             # tb  bb  cb  sb  ub  db   g   d   u   s   c   b   t
             # -6  -5  -4  -3  -2  -1   0   1   2   3   4   5   6
dnv = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
upv = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
del = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
uds = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 2., 2., 2., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
pro = Float64.([4., 1., 4., 1., 4., 1., 0., 1., 4., 1., 4., 1., 4.]) / 9;
duv = Float64.([0., 0., 0., 0.,-1.,-1., 0., 1., 1., 0., 0., 0., 0.]);
val = Float64.([-1.,-1.,-1.,-1.,-1.,-1., 0., 1., 1., 1., 1., 1., 1.]);

proup = Float64.([0., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0.]);
prodn = Float64.([0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0.]);
valup = Float64.([0.,0.,-1.,0.,-1.,0., 0., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 0.]);
valdn = Float64.([0.,-1.,0.,-1.,0.,-1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0., 1., 0.]);
```

```julia
nuser = 10
QCDNUM.ssp_spinit(nuser);
istx = 5;
istq = 10;
ia = QCDNUM.isp_s2make(istx, istq);

xnd = QCDNUM.ssp_unodes(ia, 100, 0);
qnd = QCDNUM.ssp_vnodes(ia, 100, 0);
QCDNUM.ssp_nprint(ia);
QCDNUM.ssp_erase(ia);
```

```julia
# set nodes and fill spline with structure function
iaFLup = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaFLup, 1, proup, 1, 0.0);

iaF2up = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF2up, 1, proup, 2, 0.0);

iaF3up = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF3up, 1, valup, 3, 0.0);
    
iaFLdn = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaFLdn, 1, prodn, 1, 0.0);

iaF2dn = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF2dn, 1, prodn, 2, 0.0);

iaF3dn = QCDNUM.isp_s2user(xnd, 100, qnd, 100);
QCDNUM.ssp_s2f123(iaF3dn, 1, valdn, 3, 0.0);

# store spline addresses
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(1, Float64(iaF2up));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(2, Float64(iaF2dn));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(3, Float64(iaF3up));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(4, Float64(iaF3dn));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(5, Float64(iaFLup));
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(6, Float64(iaFLdn));
```

```julia
function _my_fun_xsec_i(ipx, ipq, first)::Float64
    
    ix = ipx[]
    iq = ipq[]
    
    xsec = _fun_xsec_i(ix, iq)
    
    return xsec
end

my_fun_xsec_i = @cfunction(_my_fun_xsec_i, Float64, (Ref{Int32}, Ref{Int32}, Ref{UInt8}))
```

```julia
# plot
xsec_on_grid = zeros(n_x, n_q);

for ix = 1:n_x
    for iq = 1:n_q
        xsec_on_grid[ix, iq] = _fun_xsec_i(ix, iq)
    end
end

p1 = heatmap(qcdnum_x_grid, qcdnum_qq_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, :]'))
plot(p1, xlabel="x", ylabel="q2", 
    xaxis=:log, yaxis=:log)
```

```julia
plot(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 4]), 
    label="Q2=141 (input scale)", lw=3)
plot!(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 22]), label="Q2=1152", lw=3)
plot!(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 35]), label="Q2=5233", lw=3)
plot!(qcdnum_x_grid, NaNMath.log10.(xsec_on_grid[:, 41]), label="Q2=10523", lw=3)
plot!(xaxis=:log, legend=:bottomleft, xlabel="x", 
    ylabel="log10(cross section spline input)", ylims=(-7, 5))
```

```julia
istx_2 = 1;
istq_2 = 2;
rscut = 370.0;
rs = 318.0;

set_lepcharge(1)
iaF_7 = QCDNUM.isp_s2make(istx_2, istq_2);
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(7, Float64(iaF_7));
QCDNUM.ssp_s2fill(iaF_7, my_fun_xsec_i, rscut);

set_lepcharge(-1)
iaF_8 = QCDNUM.isp_s2make(istx_2, istq_2);
QCDNUM.ssp_uwrite(8, Float64(iaF_8));
QCDNUM.ssp_s2fill(iaF_8, my_fun_xsec_i, rscut);
```

```julia
# plot spline
spline = zeros(n_x, n_q);

for ix = 1:n_x
    for iq = 1:n_q
        spline[ix, iq] = QCDNUM.dsp_funs2(iaF_7, qcdnum_x_grid[ix], 
            qcdnum_qq_grid[iq], 1)
    end
end

p1 = heatmap(qcdnum_x_grid, qcdnum_qq_grid, NaNMath.log10.(spline[:, :]'))
plot(p1, xlabel="x", ylabel="q2", 
    xaxis=:log, yaxis=:log)
```

## Integrate over the cross section spline and find expected events numbers

```julia
nbins = size(xbins_M_begin)[1]
IntXsec_eP = zeros(nbins);
IntXsec_eM = zeros(nbins);
for i in 1:nbins
    IntXsec_eP[i] = QCDNUM.dsp_ints2(iaF_7, xbins_M_begin[i], xbins_M_end[i], 
        q2bins_M_begin[i], q2bins_M_end[i], 318., 4);
    IntXsec_eM[i] = QCDNUM.dsp_ints2(iaF_8, xbins_M_begin[i], xbins_M_end[i], 
        q2bins_M_begin[i],q2bins_M_end[i], 318., 4);
end 
```

```julia
# 1 for e-p and 0 for e+p
ePp = 0;
eMp = 1; 
     
TM_eP = get_TM_elements(ePp);
TM_eM = get_TM_elements(eMp);     

K_eP = get_K_elements(ePp);
K_eM = get_K_elements(eMp);

nbins_out = size(TM_eP)[2];
```

```julia
xsec_pred_eP = zeros(nbins_out);
xsec_pred_eM = zeros(nbins_out);

for j in 1:nbins_out
    
    for i in 1:nbins
    
        xsec_pred_eP[j] += TM_eP[i, j] * (1.0/K_eP[i]) * IntXsec_eP[i];
        xsec_pred_eM[j] += TM_eM[i, j] * (1.0/K_eM[i]) * IntXsec_eM[i];
    
    end
    
end
```

```julia
xsec_pred_eM
```

```julia

```
